Add extensions to startwith, endswith etc. (#3)
invenia/Wrangling.jl: docs/src/symbol_searching.md

# Working with Symbols

Tables use `Symbol`s to represent column names.
Often one thus wants to do various filters on `Symbol`s.

Most filtering functions only accept strings, so code contains a lot of code like:
```julia

> filter(col_name->startswith(colname, "tempurature"), Symbol.(names(df)))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
filter(col_name->startswith(colname, "temperature"), Symbol.(names(df)))
```

> filter(col_name->startswith(colname, "temperature"), Symbol.(names(df)))

Author: ```suggestion
filter(col_name->startswith(colname, "temperature"), String.(names(df)))
```

```

We solve that by making functions that accept `Symbol` for all the arguments that would otherwise be strings.
Similarly, while some functions like `isequal` and `in` have _curried_ varients, like `in(collection)` being the same as `item->in(item, collection)`,
not all do.
We add the missing ones.

> !!! warning Type Piracy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning "Type Piracy"
```

>     We type-pirate `startwith` and `endswith` to provide the single argument, and `Symbol` accepting versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We type-pirate [`startwith`](@ref) and [`endswith`](@ref) to provide the single argument, and `Symbol` accepting versions.
```

Author: Can we do that? those are `Base` functions

Reviewer: I think it works as long as they are on the API page.

If this doesn't work then ```[`startswith`](@ref Base.startswith)``` should

>     This is misdemeanor type-piracy: it only turns code which currently errors into nonerrors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is misdemeanor type-piracy: it only turns code which currently errors into non-errors.
```

>     This is misdemeanor type-piracy: it only turns code which currently errors into non-errors.

Reviewer 2: Just namespace these inside `Wrangler` and have people do `import Wrangler.startswith` to opt into your version of the functions? No need for type piracy.

Author: I debated this option. It ones one of a few, others being type-piracy, and making up new names `prefixedby` and `suffixedby`

I would have said it as putting in the docs telling people to always do:
```
using Wrangingly
using Wranging: startswith, endswith
```

rather than just `using Wrangling`.

I think @nickrobinson251  convinced me that type-piracy was the least bad of many options

Reviewer: yeah... i'm no longer sure type-piracy is the best option. But 🤷‍♂ 

My thinking was:
- The alternatively-named-function feels a bad compromise because they are really the exact same as startswith/endswith... so they really should be methods of those functions. 
- But introducing the name-clash with Base is also pretty un-fun for users. 
- Which leaves us with type-piracy... and this is the least-bad version of that bad thing

Author: I am going to go with the type-piracy for now.
But these are good cases.
We can change it later, its version 0.1 of the package we are talking about.

I will convert this to an issue

>     Its also the only reasonable definition for these types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It is also the only reasonable definition for these methods.
```

>     We don't type-pirate `occursin` as we replace that with `` which follows the consistent argument order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We don't type-pirate `occursin` as we replace that with [`contains`](@ref) which follows the consistent argument order.
```

> ### Functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Functions
```

> These are basically all varients of existing functions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These are basically all variants of existing functions.
```

>  [`contains`](@ref)`(haystack, needle)` is an argument order reversed version of `occursin(needle, haystack)`. It matchs `startswith` and `endswith`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 [`contains(haystack, needle)`](@ref contains) is an argument order reversed version of `occursin(needle, haystack)`. It matchs `startswith` and `endswith`.
```

Author: fancy

>  [`contains(haystack, needle)`](@ref contains) is an argument order reversed version of `occursin(needle, haystack)`. It matchs `startswith` and `endswith`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 [`contains(haystack, needle)`](@ref contains) is an argument order reversed version of `occursin(needle, haystack)`. It matches `startswith` and `endswith`.
```

> `contains`, `startswith`, `endswith`, and all their varients mentioned here, all accept symbols everywhere they might accept `String`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`contains`, `startswith`, `endswith`, and all their varients mentioned here, accept symbols everywhere they might accept `String`s.
```

Author: ```suggestion
`contains`, `startswith`, `endswith`, and all their varients mentioned here, accept `Symbol`s everywhere they might accept `String`s.
```

The curried varients are `check(needle) == haystack->check(haystack, needle)`.
We have them for `contains`, `startswith`, `endswith`, and all their varients.

> The any varients are `startswith_any`, `endswith_any`,  and `contains_any`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `any` varients are [`startswith_any`](@ref), [`endswith_any`](@ref),  and [`contains_any`](@ref).
```

They are of the form:
```julia
check_any(needles, haystack) == any(check(haystack, needle) for needle in needles)
```

## Examples

Consider if I had a list of column names, to do with prices and weather in various cities.

> Where want city it is about is part of the column name, as what kind of data it is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where the column names include the city and kind of data it is about.
```

> Where the column names include the city and kind of data it is about.

Reviewer 3: This sentence should be combined with the previous one

Author: I can't workout a way to do so that is more clear

I might want just the columns names that are for a particular city:
```jldoctest symbol_searching
julia> using Wrangling

> julia> const column_names = const column_names = [:NY_temperature, :NY_house_price, :NY_car_price, :NY_rainfall, :LON_temperature, :LON_house_price, :LON_car_price, :LON_rainfall];

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
julia> const column_names =  [:NY_temperature, :NY_house_price, :NY_car_price, :NY_rainfall, :LON_temperature, :LON_house_price, :LON_car_price, :LON_rainfall];
```
